#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
autovizwidget==0.20.0
    # via aws-glue-sessions
aws-glue-sessions==0.36
    # via -r requirements.in
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-glue-sessions
botocore==1.29.0
    # via
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via aws-glue-sessions
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
hdijupyterutils==0.20.0
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   aws-glue-sessions
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via aws-glue-sessions
ipykernel==6.17.0
    # via
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.17.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hdijupyterutils
jupyter-client==7.4.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mock==4.0.3
    # via hdijupyterutils
nbclassic==0.4.7
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nose==1.3.7
    # via
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   hdijupyterutils
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   hdijupyterutils
    #   pandas
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.1
    # via
    #   autovizwidget
    #   hdijupyterutils
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
plotly==5.11.0
    # via autovizwidget
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.3
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.6
    # via pandas
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via aws-glue-sessions
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.0
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   aws-glue-sessions
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.10.0
    # via importlib-metadata
